Mention NESTML/NEST Desktop in the section "Related projects" on the documentation main page (#1640)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/index.rst

* For more info about our larger community and the history of NEST check out the `NEST Initiative <https://www.nest-initiative.org>`_ website

Related projects
################

> - `NESTML <https://github.com/nest/nestml>`_ - a domain specific language to describe neuron models in NEST
> - `NEST Desktop <https://github.com/babsey/nest-desktop>`_ - an interactive desktop application for NEST simulator
> 
> The  `NeuralEnsemble <http://neuralensemble.org/>`_ is a community-based initiative to promote and co-ordinate open-source software development in neuroscience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may be interested in the associated tooling of NEST Simulator:

- `NESTML <https://nestml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ - a domain specific language to describe neuron models in NEST
- `NEST Desktop <https://nest-desktop.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ - a web-based GUI application for NEST Simulator

```

> They host numerous software including
> 
> - `PyNN <http://neuralensemble.org/PyNN/>`_ - a simulator-independent language for building neuronal network models, and
> - `Elephant (Electrophysiology Analysis Toolkit) <http://neuralensemble.org/elephant/>`_ - a package for the analysis of neurophysiology data, using Neo data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as:

- `PyNN <http://neuralensemble.org/PyNN/>`_ - a simulator-independent language for building neuronal network models
- `Elephant <http://neuralensemble.org/elephant/>`_ - a package for the analysis of neurophysiological data, using Neo data structures
```

* For more info about our larger community and the history of NEST check out the `NEST Initiative <https://www.nest-initiative.org>`_ website

Related projects
################

> You may be interested in the associated tooling of NEST Simulator:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many other extensions and open-source tools related to the NEST Simulator are available. In particular the following packages may be of interest: 
```

> - `NESTML <https://nestml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ - a domain specific language to describe neuron models in NEST
> - `NEST Desktop <https://nest-desktop.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ - a web-based GUI application for NEST Simulator
> - `PyNN <http://neuralensemble.org/PyNN/>`_ - a simulator-independent language for building neuronal network models
> - `Elephant <http://neuralensemble.org/elephant/>`_ - a package for the analysis of neurophysiological data, using Neo data structures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NEST Desktop <https://nest-desktop.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ - a web-based GUI application for NEST Simulator
- `NESTML <https://nestml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ - a domain specific language to describe neuron models in NEST
- `PyNN <http://neuralensemble.org/PyNN/>`_ - a simulator-independent language for building neuronal network models
- `Elephant <http://neuralensemble.org/elephant/>`_ - a package for the analysis of neurophysiological data, using Neo data structures
```

> This list does not intend to be complete. You can find more projects by the community by searching GitHub for the topics `"nest-simulator" <https://github.com/topics/nest-simulator>`_ or `"nest-module" <https://github.com/topics/nest-module/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find more projects by the community by searching GitHub for the topics `"nest-simulator" <https://github.com/topics/nest-simulator>`_ or `"nest-module" <https://github.com/topics/nest-module/>`_.
```
